# Determination-Separation-and-Tracking-of-Unknown-Time-Varying-Number-of-Maneuvering-Sources
This project proposes a solution for the problem of determination, separation, and tracking of an unknown timevarying number of maneuvering sources based on a mixture of signals received by some omnidirectional sensors located at different places. To our knowledge, this problem has not been addressed in its full range, except for some simplified versions of it (e.g., with a fixed known number of sources) or with sensor arrays, which is quite different from our case (with omnidirectional sensors). This problem has at least three main subproblems: determine the number of sources, estimate signals of different sources (separation), and estimate state vector of the sources (tracking), while the number of sources can change with time and their dynamic models are uncertain. In other words, this problem includes one decision (number of sources) and two estimation subproblems (signal estimation and state estimation). These three subproblems are highly interrelated that solving one requires solutions of the other two. Therefore, they have to be considered jointly. Optimal Bayes joint decision and estimation (JDE) based on a generalized Bayes risk can handle such problems. However, here we have several additional difficulties, including two interrelated estimation subproblems, dynamic model uncertainty, correlated states of different sources, dependent dynamic models of different sources, nonlinearity of observation model, and two involved Markov process types (one for the number of sources and the other for the dynamic model). An approximate linear minimum mean square error (LMMSE) estimator is derived to deal with the interrelated estimation subproblems. Having considered all the aforementioned difficulties, Bayes JDE required terms are derived based on a recursive calculation of some key terms. The proposed method is theoretically solid and simple for implementation. It is examined by simulations.
